Sex Roll
    1d12
    1 - Masculine herm
    2 to 5 - Male
    6 - Feminine male
    7 - Masculine female
    8 to 11 - Female
    12 - Feminine herm

Characters that could be helpful
    A healer

Ashborne stuff 
    Need at least 1 shopkeep and shop

Determine where magic items can be bought
    Determine the exact rarity of magic items

Determine names of the imp and the spike dog as well as the imps master
    The imp wants the party to make a deal for his master, (to be named).
        A young, pregnant farm girl wants vengence on a runaway lover.
    The spike dog wants the blood of a specific ordained priest.
        He wants the priest's blood drained onto the local shrine, which unhallows with silence to prevent prayer.
        The priest is goinging to/in the throp in order to handle a marrage.

Prep out of town adventures/missions/places (Character lvl+2)
    Small goblin fight
        1 - hobgoblin
        1 - bugbear
        4 - goblins
    Kobolds
        4 - kobolds
        2 - 3 HD kobolds
    Gnollish slavers
        3 - gnolls
        hyenias?
    Orc
        3 - orcs
        1 - 3 HD orc
    Small orcish scout camp in the hills
    A group of wild dogs has been harrassing merchants
    Kobolds have encamped in a nearby cave
    There are burried ruins in the Copperback Mountains
    A throp to the south is having a goblin problem

Build some stuff to help with building a caravan
    Build a system to handle the caravan

Build an encounter chart...
    And an event chart
        A merchant appears
        Find a boat ran aground
        Find the ruins of a caravan
        Find the remains of a battle
        TRAVELLING WIZARD!!
        Druid
        Evidence of cultist activity
        Evidence of drow activity

Make an inquisitor character (cleric/paladin, rogue, ranger)
    May become either an ally or an enemy

Make a rage paladin
    Paladin/Barbarian
    Catch phrase is "Your sin makes me ANGRY!"

Make some big bads...
    Orc cheiftan
    Goblin cheiftan (6 or 7)
    Hobgoblin general (8 or 9) - Seeking to take over Lyrna and views other species as food
    Drowess - Will "sell" one of her servants for Helmer

Determine other nearby locations and nations
    Cities, towns, and small settlements

Reorganize locations
    Major government, lower government, location

Build a guild management system
    Build guild missions and consequences
    Figure out a way to measure world powers

Figure out time rewards (if they spend a week studying)
    Let Cody decide for Chione

If Cody wants to buy a prostitute in Arx:
    A well used, or pregnant, whore goes for 5gp
    A skilled or slightly used whore goes for 20gp
    A virgin whore goes for 50gp
    A masterful whore goes for 200gp
    Spending a night with a whore costs 1/100th of the purchase price

Make a character for the drow male and the drow female

Make the fem drow slave for Chione

Make druid adventure
    Out in an oasis

Make Red Queen (angel or demon), Princess, Lady (succubus) and Knight (deathknight)
    When a human woman fully submits themselves to the Red King in/before the Void, she becomes a Red Queen.
    When a part-human woman (half-elf, aasmar, etc.) does so, she becomes a Red Princess.
    When a non-human woman does so, she becomes a Red Lady.
    When a male human does so he becomes a Red Knight.
    When a male part-human does so he becomes a Red Squire.
    When a male non-human does so he becomes a Red Page.

Make members of the Cult of the Red King
    Basic cultist (2lvl expert, 1lvl adept)
    Higher grade cultist (4lvl rogue)
    Basic cult priest (5lvl cleric)
    Clut guards (4lvl fighter)

Stuff in and around Arx
    Drow scouts from House Duskryn
    Gnolls are attacking the surrounding farms
    Wolves and lions are attacking travellers
    Nearby ruins (strange lights and a necromancer)
    Cultist activity in the poor district
    Small group of paladins moving out of the city
    Trade caravans from the south
    Bandits
    Some kind of magical beast
    Half-dragon horse causing trouble
    Some other hybrid monster causing trouble

Build just a normal humy or elf to add to the party
    Female, of course

Create some main plotlines
    The invasion of Lyrna
    The Cult of the Red King seeking to revive the Red King
    A hobgoblin army is forming
    Gnolls are beginning to gather and organize
        2 groups, 1 is seeking to create a gnollish nation, 1 seeking to move as a wave of destruction
    The Cult of Durn is preparing an inquisition
        The Harpy sees this as a threat to the flow of money
        The Speaker of Durn sees this as an attack on her power
    Each plotline should have some missions (for the guild) laid out

Reorganize some of the pages
    Move enemies to their own column with their own headers